[14.0][NEW]product_supplierinfo_operating_unit (#380)
OCA/operating-unit: product_supplierinfo_operating_unit/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module introduces the following features:

> * Adds Operating Unit (OU) to product supplier pricelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds Operating Unit (OU) to product supplierinfo records to allow different suppliers and pricing by operating unit.
```
